tests with cache (#798)
trezor/connect: tests/README.md

# trezor-connect tests
## Continuous Integration
Connect tests are running in two environments:
- [SatoshiLabs GitLab CI](https://gitlab.com/satoshilabs/trezor/connect/-/pipelines) NixOS runner (trezor-user-env)

> - [Github Actions CI](https://github.com/trezor/connect/actions) Ubuntu runner

Reviewer: Maybe we could elaborate that in Gitlab we run directly inside trezor-user-env while GH Actions uses the image via `/.run.sh` therefore kind of "mimicks" when run locally?

Author: 7255f9f

Author: i guess i can resolve this

1. Create or modify file in `tests/__fixtures__`
1. Make sure it is imported in `tests/__fixtures__/index.js`
1. Make sure the method you are testing is listed in `.github/workflows/*.yml` and `.gitlab-ci.yml`

## Transactions cache
Bitcoin-like coins `signTransaction` method require additional data about transactions referenced from used inputs.

> Those data are automatically downloaded using backed defined in `coins.json` by default if `refTxs` param is not specified.

Reviewer 2: I guess...?

```suggestion
Those data are automatically downloaded from backend defined in `coins.json` by default if `refTxs` param is not specified.
```

Author: 317be40

Reviewer 2: The patch didn't fix the typo in `backed` (should be `backend` I believe).

Not important at all -- feel free to reslove this.

Author: ah, spell checker didn't catch this :) `backed` is also a word :)
thanks

Cached transactions are provided to test fixtures via [TX_CACHE](./__txcache__/index.js) utility.

Missing tx json? use [this tool](./__txcache__/gen-reftx.js) to generate it.

> ## Websocket cache

Reviewer 2: If I understood this right the Transaction and Websocket caches are not caches in the usual sense of eg. networking caches. I.e. they do not act as transparent layer that can forward requests to the 'origin' if the response isn't available locally. Instead they're more like mocking tools that let you supply your own responses. Right?

If this is the case can we maybe not call these "Caches"? When I read "cache" I imagine something that merely *caches* responses to reduce bandwith but definitely not something that mocks the responses.

Author: not quite, Transaction cache is called "cache" because i want to keep naming convention with [trezor-firmware](https://github.com/trezor/trezor-firmware/tree/master/tests/txcache). One day those files will be shared via [trezor-common](https://github.com/trezor/connect/issues/781)

Websocket cache are mocked (cached 1:1) responses of `blockchain-link` to reduce unnecessary websocket connection. Maybe we could create websocket server which will provide those cached values normally (using not-mocked blockchain-link) but i think it's not worth the effort and it's out of scope for this PR.

In both cases tests with disabled cache (on gitlab CI) will work with exact same values, but dowloaded from the internet

Reviewer: I agree _cache_ might not be the greatest naming here (but mock isn't either) but as @szymonlesisz puts it I would keep it to have it the same with FW for now.

Reviewer 2: > Transaction cache is called "cache" because i want to keep naming convention with trezor-firmware. One day those files will be shared via trezor-common

Allright, didn't know of this parity.

> but i think it's not worth the effort and it's out of scope for this PR.

Agree.

Resolving.
